docs(kcodeblock): add example for shiki (#2918)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/codeblock.md

</script>
```

### Shiki

> Below is an integration example for [Shiki](https://shiki.matsu.io/guide/), a beautiful and powerful syntax highlighter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an integration example for [Shiki](http://shiki.style/), a beautiful and powerful syntax highlighter.
```
